src/SUMMARY.md, before:

# Summary

[Home](README.md)

# 2020

- [Porting k-d forests to Rust](2020/porting_kd_forests.md)
# 2016

- [A quick trick for faster naïve matrix multiplication](2016/matrix_multiply.md)

# 2015

- [Fast, Branchless Ray/Bounding Box Intersections, Part 2: NaNs](2015/ray_box_nan.md)

# 2014

- [k-d Forests](2014/kd_forests.md)

# 2012

- [Iterating Over Binary Trees](2012/binary_trees.md)

# 2011

- [Collisions](2011/collisions.md)
- [Ray / Priority R-Tree Intersection](2011/ray_prtree.md)
- [Priority R-Trees](2011/priority_r_trees.md)
- [Fast, Branchless Ray/Bounding Box Intersections](2011/ray_box.md)
- [Fast Binary-Coded Decimal Addition and Subtraction](2011/bcd.md)
- [Facebook Hacker Cup Qualification Round: Double Squares](2011/double_squares.md)

# 2010

- [Righteous hack: getting 2⁶³ - 1 points in a silly Facebook game](2010/righteous_hack.md)
- [Solving Cubic Polynomials](2010/solving_cubic_polynomials.md)
- [Solving Polynomials](2010/solving_polynomials.md)
- [.com](2010/first.md)

Commit message:

Import the "fair and square" post

src/SUMMARY.md, after:

# Summary

[Home](README.md)

# 2020

- [Porting k-d forests to Rust](2020/porting_kd_forests.md)
# 2016

- [A quick trick for faster naïve matrix multiplication](2016/matrix_multiply.md)

# 2015

- [Fast, Branchless Ray/Bounding Box Intersections, Part 2: NaNs](2015/ray_box_nan.md)

# 2014

- [k-d Forests](2014/kd_forests.md)

# 2013

- [Fair and Square, or How to Count to a Googol](2013/fair_and_square.md)

# 2012

- [Iterating Over Binary Trees](2012/binary_trees.md)

# 2011

- [Collisions](2011/collisions.md)
- [Ray / Priority R-Tree Intersection](2011/ray_prtree.md)
- [Priority R-Trees](2011/priority_r_trees.md)
- [Fast, Branchless Ray/Bounding Box Intersections](2011/ray_box.md)
- [Fast Binary-Coded Decimal Addition and Subtraction](2011/bcd.md)
- [Facebook Hacker Cup Qualification Round: Double Squares](2011/double_squares.md)

# 2010

- [Righteous hack: getting 2⁶³ - 1 points in a silly Facebook game](2010/righteous_hack.md)
- [Solving Cubic Polynomials](2010/solving_cubic_polynomials.md)
- [Solving Polynomials](2010/solving_polynomials.md)
- [.com](2010/first.md)
